Nomic only really has one rule:
All players take a majority vote on a given rule change.


2.) Rule 2 has three parts:
A.) Anyone whose name is not on The List may join.
B.) If you quit the game, your name is put on The List.
C.) The List starts as blank.

Rule#3- you can't skip your turn.

Rule 4.)
All players playing the game take their turn order according to their Discord ID.
This rule takes effect imminently.

Rule 5.
A.) All players of the game get a role
B.) The role is named 'Nomic'. (This may be changed at any time by another rule)

rule#6 - All players who decide to leave the game must change their nickname for 24 hours to a random pokemon, decided by Booblessed's random number generator.

So..rule 7.
If the number of your rule is even, it has to contain a minimum of 100 letters.

Rule Sqrt(50):
Every new rule must be the next integer after the rule before it.

Rule#8- players have a time limit of 12 hours to make up a new rule, failure to do so results in penalty.

Rule 9:
If anyone accidentally posts a duplicate rule, they get penalized

XXX
Rule 10.
Ammendment to Rule 6.
All players who decide to leave the game must change their nickname for 24 hours to a random pokemon, decided by Booblessed's random number generator.
XXX

Rule #11- The three penalties will not lead to an absolute booting from the game, instead the player will be given a more risky penalty for every three normal penalties. The player can still be booted if they refuse to do a penalty or let the time frame pass the possible 42 hours.

#12
If anyone can't add a rule due to being asleep for their turn, their countdown should start once they wake up.

Rule 13.)
A person will get a punishment done within 24 hours. An extension may be requested for up to 48 more hours, accepted by majority vote.

XXX
rule#14-
Amendment to rule 11
The three penalties will not lead to an absolute booting from the game, instead the player will be given a more risky penalty for every three normal penalties. The player can still be booted if they refuse to do a penalty or let the time frame pass the possible 42 hours.
XXX

#15
Refusing the penalty 3 times in a row leads to a mute/ban from the server.

Rule 16.
A.) Have Booblessed change the 'topic' of the channel to "A game where everything changes."
B.) Rules must include their number, be inside a \`\`\`code block\`\`\`, and, if over 1K characters, contains a summery of the contents.

rule#17- A penalty can only be rejected if it's impossible for the player to preform due to  lacking whatever is necessary to do said penalty.The player will have to prove that this penalty is impossible for them though

Rule #18
The penalty should not consist of anything harmful, personal, or involve NSFW content.

Rule 19.)
A.) Define punishment and penalty:
    I.) The penalty shall be chosen by the random number generator as one items to be done from the list of punisments. This may be incresed to two at request.
    XX
    II.) This list will be never be modified in contents or order, but may be appended to.
    XX
    II.) The list can be changed or added to once all 24 penalties have been done at least twice.
    III.) This list shall remain private until 3 punishments have been done.
    IV.) A punishment can be done at will, without a penalty being given to them
    V.) The number of penalties will be tracked with the players name
B.) Anyone with the 'Nomic' roll can now control the voting process.

XXX
Rule #20-
Amendment to Rule #19.A.II:
The list can be changed or added to once all 24 penalties have been done at least twice.
XXX

Rule #21
If all three of us are online, yet not all of us have voted, the voting shall close if no one votes within 5 minutes of the last vote.

Rule 22.)
Every player will have the stats of 'HP' and 'XP', to start at 10 and 0, respectively.
Every player will have skills, each of which has a level, starting with 'Do anything 1'

When you want to do something:
Say what you do and roll a number of d6s.
If the sum of your roll is higher than the opposing roll, the thing you wanted to happen, happens.
The number of the d6s you roll is determined by the level of skill you have.
If you roll all sixes on your roll, you can get new skill one level higher than the one you used for the action. The skill must be a strict subset of what happened to you in the action (Say, Athletics 2 if you were climbing a wall, or Teeth of Biting 2 if you were eating a cake).
For every roll you fail, you get 1 XP.
XP can be used to change a die into a 6 for advancement purposes but not for success purposes.

If at any point a player dies, they go back to 10 HP lose their single highest level skill, and get punished. To the thing that killed them, it gains 10 HP.
If at any point the player loses all skills, they lose the game of Nomic.
Summery: A dice-based RPG.

Rule #23
The category will be renamed to 'Nomic games' with this channel being Nomic general. This is to avoid any confusion in the case of us making some nomic-separate game.

XXX
Rule #24
Any rules should be general and not directed towards a specific person. This means no stuff like "Yaz isn't allowed to etc.", or anything that makes it clear the rule was made because of the person.
XXX

Rule 25.)
In the #microdungeon, turns are taken in reverse order to the main game, with an extra priority turn given to reaction, IE, the person who just reacted to taking the roll to react. This starts after LemonPancakes's turn.

Rule # 26
Players have to avoid abusing the penalty and or wait system as doing so can significantly stall the game. Abuse of these will lead to the player being booted from all Nomic-games.

Rule #27
A turn shall be skipped only for a good and serious reason, which must be approved by the rest of the players

Rule 28.)
	A.) Replace rule 24.
	Any rule that designates a single or group of people(s) shall also have to have a majority vote by that sub-group of people if they are part of the game. In the case of one person, this ends up just being consent. This means that if Yaz is ok with a rule only applying to her, then we vote as normal.
	B.) In the #microdungeon, you have 6 hours to make your turn, else it be skipped with no other penalty.

Rule #29-
Placing a rule in the wrong channel will result in a penalty and said rule and any opinions on it being considered null. The rule will not be able to be re-proposed in the correct channel until the player's next turn.

Rule #31
Due to the fact that the game comes to a stand still when people are busy in rl, turns can be skipped but with a good justified reason.Not being able to think of a new rule doesn't count.

Rule 32.)
A.) Rename '@Nomic' to '@Nomic Egg' to match Rekkie's food theme and colour appropriately.
B.) XP in the microdungeon can be used to pass a roll OR level up, but never both.
C.) The player with 255 XP or more in the microdungeon wins the game of nomic.
D.) All new players gain XP equal to the mean of 'the worth' all player.

Players:
269904594526666754			Imanton1
366958220658475009	I		Yin-Yang Yazmine

Non-players:
617966131151372330	I	RI	LemonPancakes

The List:
null